Update configuration.asciidoc (#1776)
elastic/apm-agent-java: docs/configuration.asciidoc

////
This file is auto-generated 

Please only make changes in configuration.asciidoc.ftl
////
[[configuration]]
== Configuration

> Configure one of the following methods (listed in descending order of precedence) to adapt the Elastic APM Java agent to your needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To adapt the Elastic APM Java agent to your needs,
configure it using one of the methods below–listed in descending order of precedence:
```

////
This file is auto-generated 

Please only make changes in configuration.asciidoc.ftl

> ////

Author: On line 9, should agent here be in {} or no? It's hard to know what should be and should be when it's being referenced.

Reviewer: I get that. Any GitHub repo prefixed with `apm-` should not use `{agent}`.

[[configuration-minimal]]
=== Minimal configuration

> The most important configuration options are <<config-service-name>>,
> <<config-server-url>> and <<config-application-packages>> for Elastic APM.
> A minimal version of a configuration might look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most important configuration options are <<config-service-name>>,
<<config-server-url>> and <<config-application-packages>>.
A minimal configuration might look like this:
```
